Update tshoot-connect-largeobjecterror-usercertificate.md (#85378)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/hybrid/tshoot-connect-largeobjecterror-usercertificate.md

 * Implement an **outbound sync rule** in Azure AD Connect that exports a **null value instead of the actual values for objects with more than 15 certificate values**. This option is suitable if you do not require any of the certificate values to be exported to Azure AD for objects with more than 15 values. For details on how to implement this sync rule, refer to next section [Implementing sync rule to limit export of userCertificate attribute](#implementing-sync-rule-to-limit-export-of-usercertificate-attribute).

>  * Reduce the number of certificate values on the on-premises AD object (15 or less) by removing values that are no longer in use by your organization. This is suitable if the attribute bloat is caused by expired or unused certificates. You can use the cmdlet [Remove-ADSyncToolsExpiredCertificates](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/reference-connect-adsynctools#remove-adsynctoolsexpiredcertificates) to help find, backup, and delete expired certificates in your on-premises AD. Before deleting the certificates, it is recommended that you verify with the Public-Key-Infrastructure administrators in your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Reduce the number of certificate values on the on-premises AD object (15 or less) by removing values that are no longer in use by your organization. This is suitable if the attribute bloat is caused by expired or unused certificates. You can use the cmdlet [Remove-ADSyncToolsExpiredCertificates](reference-connect-adsynctools.md#remove-adsynctoolsexpiredcertificates) to help find, backup, and delete expired certificates in your on-premises AD. Before deleting the certificates, it is recommended that you verify with the Public-Key-Infrastructure administrators in your organization.
```
